refactor: compound group components (#1487)
contentful/forma-36: packages/components/forms/src/checkbox/Checkbox.mdx

</Checkbox>
```

### Using with Group

import { FormControl } from '@contentful/f36-forms';

> We also provide the `Checkbox.Group` component that helps when using multiple checkboxes, you can pass the spacing value and some common properties to be replicated to the checkboxes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also provide the `Checkbox.Group` component that helps when using multiple checkboxes. You can pass some common properties on the `Checkbox.Group` level and they will be passed to the checkboxes inside the group.
```

- `spacing`: This will set how much space should be between the inputs;

> - `name`: This will set all checkboxes with this name;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name`: by setting this property on the `Checkbox.Group` level, you will set it automatically for all the checkboxes in the group
```
